Applications ever for this kind of stuff. It's amazing.
Marie de Guzman: Get
Ixkra Estrada: On recording already
Yes, Korea to know
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, just a couple more minutes and
Then
Ixkra Estrada: We'll start
Recording
Ixkra Estrada: Because we're recording. That's scary. But I think it's only my screen that is recording right now. I mean, it's not for everyone, but
Ixkra Estrada: My terrible profile or whatever the one that is required for
Lynn Dimick: Oh, that works.
Ixkra Estrada: Out There you go. How'd you do that.
Jeremy Blake: Now, my goodness.
Jeremy Blake: My other classes, does that
Lynn Dimick: You click on the up arrow to the right a video and you're
Marie de Guzman: Outside
Marie de Guzman: Outside Earth.
Ixkra Estrada: So funny.
Jeremy Blake: It clips every now and then. I don't know if it doesn't for everybody, or if it depends on lighting or background, but I've seen some pretty strange things to
Lynn Dimick: I've tried to do that for working it doesn't work as a US citizen. It's just too much leg.
Yeah.
Ixkra Estrada: But it will be really nice to have it because it doesn't look that professional recording from my bedroom.
Ixkra Estrada: Right now.
Jeremy Blake: It's a fireplace, though you have a fireplace in your bedroom.
Ixkra Estrada: That's my
Jeremy Blake: Board. Oh.
Jeremy Blake: Nice headboard well
Ixkra Estrada: Thank you. When, when we started the story was smaller and
Ixkra Estrada: Grew and as a like when they brought it here was like it's here.
Lynn Dimick: I work from home. Most of the time, my boss lets me but our boss's boss doesn't like it.
Lynn Dimick: Oh, I've got a flannel board that actually put on my bed behind me to cover all the Baxter, so he doesn't know where I am.
You think good baby.
Lynn Dimick: The work is two hours away.
Oh,
Lynn Dimick: I've been there twice since Halloween.
Ixkra Estrada: That's nice.
That's really nice. Okay.
Ixkra Estrada: Oh, yeah.
Ixkra Estrada: Let's start the
Ixkra Estrada: Meeting and
Ixkra Estrada: I'm gonna share my screen. And I'm going to share this one.
Can you all see it.
Jeremy Blake: Yeah yeah
Hansen: There started. Yeah, I see it. Yes.
Ixkra Estrada: So why he testing by myself for the software developers and it's a it has
You
Ixkra Estrada: Importance and I just wanted to illustrate it here with my mirror
Ixkra Estrada: Image of how you should go if if it were was going to work correctly, it will just start in do everything that it needs to be done and then landed perfectly
Ixkra Estrada: So why is it important because it ensures that the software works properly if it has not been tested it can house crashes after delivery and none of us wants that, because there was get really upset about that it's useful to find general failures.
Ixkra Estrada: Because it will help us fix them in time and it helps developers to see if it works. He it works the way the client wants. So it's not just for us to find that we have mistakes on our coding, but it is for preparing for the user to have a great experience when they are using
Ixkra Estrada: No, the most common types of software testing our unit testing integration testing system testing and user testing system. This thing. It's called to high level blood
Ixkra Estrada: black box testing and I went to check. Why was named that way and I thought it was very interesting. There are black box texting like testing. Sorry, and white box testing.
Ixkra Estrada: So system testing or high level but black box testing, its kind of a testing is done on an assembly application. It is generally done by executing the user interface when there is one when there is one where
Ixkra Estrada: It attempts to cover every line of code, including the Iranians uses of the functionality, the application provide
Ixkra Estrada: It is often done by sophisticated automated software or by human. So we're testers and for our case. I went more on human testing. I didn't knew that you can take classes and be a tester.
Ixkra Estrada: And professional this and just
Ixkra Estrada: Do that on your own all the time, but I thought that was very interesting and
Ixkra Estrada: So, it is also called black box testing because it is testing methadone without having knowledge of all the actual call or internal structure of the application.
Ixkra Estrada: And it is because the testers. Sometimes they just go and try and it is better. They don't know
Ixkra Estrada: Sometimes they have an idea because programs or systems are big and sometimes they know what they are about, but they don't know all the information and it is very useful to have them try it and they go line by line testing that it should do what we wanted to do.
So,
Ixkra Estrada: This is a high level testing, such as a functional testing it concentrates on the functionality on the system on their tests like boss box 16 testing requires specification on this black box testing is done by testers, obviously. So keep going here and
Ixkra Estrada: A simple system level this this simply in case of human thriving system level testing, she'll be readable by users normally outline aligning what the user should do and see
Ixkra Estrada: This thurs don't necessarily know, like I was saying, the application. They are higher to test it is advisable to create your test with at least two columns. What this offense to specify
Ixkra Estrada: The steps to follow and what result they should see number to match the steps in both columns with one on one relationship and I found this example here is the one that it's in the book, so I can a copier so we can have a good idea on how does it work and
Ixkra Estrada: He told number and then you can see
Ixkra Estrada: If you can see my cursor, but it's moving very but this one is where we put the description of what are the what the person, the
Ixkra Estrada: Company would stay on the development story. That's the technical development puts what he should do in the next column, the testers specifies what he seen that he does so I thought it was very interesting. And so I did my own and I don't know if you can see it.
Ixkra Estrada: I have a crazy document.
Ixkra Estrada: But I wrote a little simple program.
Ixkra Estrada: To calculate
Ixkra Estrada: The wages, the net pay of a person after tax were taken off and then I tried it and it work line by line, the way I wanted it to work. That was great until I got to the last part. So I did find a mistake. Everything here in the list. What I wanted to do.
Ixkra Estrada: It fast everything did well. But in any ways had the and I find out that there was a mistake.
Ixkra Estrada: So what was the mistake.
Ixkra Estrada: The system is working perfectly. It did all
Ixkra Estrada: We're looking for number by number. So the program works well. But there was a mistake. Like I said, and the last example, the information to the user was incomplete.
Ixkra Estrada: And it was interesting to me. I mean, I wrote it. So I shouldn't have known about here for a moment. I shouldn't have known.
Ixkra Estrada: How to express the
Ixkra Estrada: That, that's what that was going to be with help.
Ixkra Estrada: But I did the percentages and i'm wrong way.
Ixkra Estrada: And
He's one is not that one. But anyways, he's in
Ixkra Estrada: And it gave me an amount that it says that I was owning or the person was owning
Ixkra Estrada: A lot to the tax collector because it wasn't a specified anywhere, how to pull the hell to enter the race. So it didn't, it wasn't a specified to pull
Ixkra Estrada: a.no yeah to separate the percentage. So if you know
Ixkra Estrada: You already know how to present the percentages in this month.
Ixkra Estrada: Then you'll get it right. But if you don't know and non all the users know that so he did it wrong. So I found a mistake is not a big mistake. But it is a mistake and system tests are done to find mistakes that is specifically what they are for
Ixkra Estrada: Programs will always have mistakes or problems and the users will find them no matter what we do.
Ixkra Estrada: When we present it to the users, they'll find something they'll complain about something either the lie that it could be cosmetic or it can be in the system. So this helps us to find all those mistakes in the system before
Ixkra Estrada: It gets to the user will funnel user and it is. That's why it is so important for us to know this and use them.
And this is my presentation. And the question.
Lynn Dimick: Can you go back to the definition of black box testing.
Yes. No.
Lynn Dimick: Okay, so it's basically done by somebody that doesn't know.
Lynn Dimick: how it's supposed to work. You give them a script or set of instructions to follow and then the record the results. Exactly. Okay.
Ixkra Estrada: And for what I read from white box testing. It's the completely different and they know exactly what it is supposed to go and they go
Ixkra Estrada: Fixing line by line that things are finding. So that's they have all the information, but you need in black box testing is you need to know. So you can find things you're like, Oh, interesting. Let's see how it works.
Yeah. Yeah. Any other questions.
Marie de Guzman: That I can think of.
Yeah.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, I was really good.
Marie de Guzman: You accidentally started well but I do what I can. I did. Yeah, I did a presentation on this so that semester and there's just more detailed
Marie de Guzman: Well done.
Ixkra Estrada: Okay, no. Now,
Ixkra Estrada: Blamed
Ixkra Estrada: For me, yes.
Ixkra Estrada: Okay, this
Lynn Dimick: Is where it gets interesting.
Lynn Dimick: Let me
See if I can
Lynn Dimick: Can you can you
Lynn Dimick: Share. Yes.
Ixkra Estrada: I think you can get enough
Hansen: Think you have to do your share for him to do it.
Ixkra Estrada: I'm sorry. Yes, share files and stuff.
Lynn Dimick: All right, here's, here's what happened is I spent most of Saturday, trying to track down this this Android HTTP URL connection.
Lynn Dimick: And I found some code on how to do it, but it's more of a example of how the guy did it without using the libraries and things like that. And so I spent today trying to get into it and I found this website called the open tutorials. Can everybody see that on my screen. Yes.
Lynn Dimick: And what's happened is, is that it looks like we put the cart before the horse because this is actually talking about creating a serve let
Lynn Dimick: And what the
Lynn Dimick: Based upon what I was able to determine
Lynn Dimick: The HTTP requests that were being used with Java, we're not covering all the needs and requirements they had. And so what they did is they went to
Lynn Dimick: They created a customer personal or an updated library specific for Android and instead of using URLs. They're using you our eyes.
Lynn Dimick: And what the UI does is allows it to pass less specific information and include other things in it, other than HTTP. So, for example,
Lynn Dimick: If part of your application is to call a telephone application, you would put te L colon and then the phone number, instead of HTTP. So it's got a little bit different. Use in it behaves very differently. Now the other thing that happens is that within the server, let
Lynn Dimick: You have an XML file and the XML file is being used to define things such as the buttons. The sizes and things like that. And what's being shared.
Lynn Dimick: So you've got a package there that has to be assembled and put the other
Lynn Dimick: You've got the different code that has to go into it. The you've got a lot of different imports, I think I counted at one time, about a dozen imports and then you've got the code for it. There's a sample of all the inputs that go into it.
Lynn Dimick: And so you're actually you're, you're, you have to build the string of what it is you're sending and then you have to send it
Lynn Dimick: In the, the, one of the ways that it behaves differently is that it's asynchronous. There's an easy task.
Lynn Dimick: Which allows it to run the background so it does not have to be running the foreground at all times. So if you're telling it to pull data, it can pull that you can also do it in streams so you don't have to adjust the entire thing all at once.
Lynn Dimick: So this long convoluted exclamation explanation.
Lynn Dimick: However you want to describe it basically says that I'm not prepared to discuss this because I'm not familiar with athletes yet or Surveillance. Surveillance and so I need your guy's help in pulling this together and figure out how we can move forward.
Ixkra Estrada: So does anybody has experienced with each
Ixkra Estrada: Or discipline, so we can understand and ongoing
Lynn Dimick: Row is your spring.
Semester.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, I, I worked on this last semester and I'm having troubles with split this semester I wanted you know successfully run everything that I've already done last semester but because I have a new ID and not sure what I was doing was what I'm doing there. Yeah, doesn't run anymore but
Ixkra Estrada: But didn't run when you were using Eclipse.
Marie de Guzman: Yes, yes, actually have a
Marie de Guzman: Me see if I can find it.
Lynn Dimick: She goes, Bruce I had last year in the JavaScript class was that I was cutting and pasting code from the book and I wasn't working. And as soon as I put a new cliffs, all of a sudden it was working
Marie de Guzman: It's just, it's set up differently in
Marie de Guzman: Like the folder structure is different. And there are, there's this idea of older, not just source folder right SRC, so it works differently. I'm trying to find. Okay. I do have some
Marie de Guzman: I do have some links that might help my YouTube link that shows my demonstration of the program. I made last semester yeah I were, can I put it right
Ixkra Estrada: On your screen then
I did.
Marie de Guzman: Okay.
Marie de Guzman: I also sent the link to the chat, chat box. Okay, so
Marie de Guzman: You won't hear my you won't hear the audio from my computer right
Marie de Guzman: Well, you can try it. Okay.
Aaron Wright: You can share and
Aaron Wright: Also share the computer audio. There's just a checkbox that you have to click
Marie de Guzman: OK, you'll have to guide me through it.
Marie de Guzman: You can pause first and then I was trying to find that option you can help me try to find that option.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, so you
Aaron Wright: Have to
Aaron Wright: Click it. When you first start sharing
Marie de Guzman: Okay, let me do that against top share and then
Marie de Guzman: Share screen share computer. SOUND Okay, yeah.
Hansen: You probably did try it and see.
Marie de Guzman: Okay.
Marie de Guzman: See, can you see my screen.
Ixkra Estrada: There.
Hansen: We go.
Marie de Guzman: Hi. So in this video I'm going to demonstrate to you, Slava Rubin muted that will take a response from this webpage and process that request using this serlet
Marie de Guzman: That I created and what we will do for processing is that will take a request the request as the for for first name and last name and then have that processed as a pending to create a full name with a format of
The format of last name, comma, and first name.
Okay, so I have this and if I have here and if else condition conditional statements to make sure that the field is not empty to process to request both fields are not empty, if they are empty.
Because this is the fact that it will say, make sure fields are not empty, and we should be able to go back and correct that to the process to the request and see what questions.
It.
Will respond with these this output in an HTML format as well. And yeah, we'll provide us that process data, which is the full name. And by the way, my service is using
Deployment descriptor here an XML file, which will basically just let Tomcat know what kind of service, we are requesting. And in this case, this only one a pen solid
Solid. Okay, let's try this works.
Can I have to restart my server here.
Let me see the happy path first
Enter my
First name, last name it. Sorry.
So very simple program just to demonstrate that it processes that the request.
And then, yeah, it says a response with full name. And what if it's not a happy path. Let's see. One is blank. Make sure fields are not empty so i i go back and correct that, um,
Marie de Guzman: And it will do the happy path, right. So yeah, that's all and have a good day. Okay, so it's very simple.
Marie de Guzman: And that made it to basic level, and maybe I can share you some information here general information.
Marie de Guzman: This is what I wrote in the family rarity review so surplus are used for dynamic web projects.
Marie de Guzman: Okay, that takes a response. So what I did was a simple survey program that takes the response using an HTML file or form.
Marie de Guzman: And have a serlet process that request using Tomcat So Tom Cat is the server. I'm used in in our Java program access a web container.
Marie de Guzman: And it responds to that request by using print writer object to create an HTML view with a response.
Marie de Guzman: So when we create a self serve lead. It's like creating a class that extensive with HTTP server that we import the packages, create a method in
Marie de Guzman: In my sample. I used to do get and then we pass through parameters within the server service of HTTP server, which are request and response. We can then pass the response using a print writer object to display out. So I have a GitHub link here as well. And I can forward to you.
Marie de Guzman: There are three components to it. So I had a web container.
Marie de Guzman: Web dot XML and index dot HTML for like the the client view and this is the back end stuff the plan.
Marie de Guzman: Last
Marie de Guzman: That access to serve program.
Marie de Guzman: Well, that's because I'm assigned to. Yeah, to teach this topic next week. Or when is it
Marie de Guzman: 18. Yeah. Make sure I review it and understand it again because it's been awhile.
Ixkra Estrada: Okay.
Ixkra Estrada: Okay, so did you do the
Ixkra Estrada: The Android HTTP URL.
Marie de Guzman: I did HTTP URL, but I didn't use Android technology for that.
Marie de Guzman: Check.
Marie de Guzman: And these are for
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, I got today sick as well.
Ixkra Estrada: Without their
Marie de Guzman: paste the link. Yeah. It's also very simple and I would say it's it's a dumb.
Marie de Guzman: But, but, you know, it, it kind of demonstrates demonstrates the point that okay I learned that HTTP is a protocol using the internet follows client server model and
Marie de Guzman: You know, I just did the requirement, the minimum requirement which is to demonstrate like happy path and sad path with it to make sure you know how to use HTTP get an HTTP post
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, so
Marie de Guzman: I have a YouTube
Marie de Guzman: Video is very short. Yeah. Can you try to show that. Yeah, I can try to share it again.
Marie de Guzman: Sure, no worries.
Hi. So in this Java program. I'm going to show to you that I created a Java program using open the okay HTTP client to demonstrate my basic understanding of HTTP topic for Java. So what it's going to do is going to
Request
This web. Web, it's going to connect to this website and it's going to get data for this.
Then we're going to display that into the console right like Jason format.
And the happy path for this when it's not a contact when we cannot contact this specific URL or if this is incorrect, that it would say website cannot be contacted or otherwise, it's going to print the data that is requested from this website as a string.
Alright, so let's try it. Let's try to run this.
Takes a little bit, but here we go. So as you can see
It.
Marie de Guzman: If we have a typo in here and
Marie de Guzman: This time it says website cannot be contacted
Marie de Guzman: Have a good day. Again, sorry. So it's very high. So the program. I'm going to maybe you could search that the jar file for it. Okay, HTTP three and yeah
Marie de Guzman: You'll be able to write a program like this and to be able to allow you to utilize the dots your arrow function of it. And, you know, to be able to get data from a website and then return that data into JSON format or
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, whatever format you can they get. And then if you break the URL or if you
Marie de Guzman: Contact their website.
Marie de Guzman: Okay, so I sent all the links in the chat and I could just copy it.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, maybe you could copy to this group discussion board for everyone to see.
Ixkra Estrada: Perfect, thank you so much. Now, will help us.
We can all
Ixkra Estrada: Right.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah.
Hopefully, they don't make sense.
Marie de Guzman: It's
Ixkra Estrada: If we all support each other. We will, we can get there.
Ixkra Estrada: Don't despair.
Marie de Guzman: Is anybody. Yes, yes.
Ixkra Estrada: That was the video. I think you in the video Westfield
Marie de Guzman: Yeah I close
Marie de Guzman: It out a place. Let's challenge.
Ixkra Estrada: Maybe it's in a loop sometimes
Ixkra Estrada: I leave mine on a loop. Some people. So one go to all their videos and some people don't get bothered by other weird stuff.
Marie de Guzman: So I just
Marie de Guzman: Normally, take a look.
Ixkra Estrada: Okay, okay. So anything else anyone anybody else that's to add or questions or anything.
Lynn Dimick: Jeremy, how are you doing out there, Aaron. How are you doing Hanson as everybody else doing
Jeremy Blake: I missed basic and you ML diagrams, because I guess I missed the mark. Just need to take some time to go back and he hasn't checked last week's yet for me.
Ixkra Estrada: Yeah, no, he hasn't changed much as we
Lynn Dimick: Try to set up a meeting with him for tonight and he turns out he's on the East Coast this week so
Lynn Dimick: He's traveling for business. I'm not sure how much responsible get back room. This week I know we'll try
Hansen: This, in my fluency.
Hansen: So turn one this weekend let y'all know how it's
Hansen: All right.
Lynn Dimick: I'm way behind. I'm going to be turning in a bunch of this week so
Ixkra Estrada: Experience.
Ixkra Estrada: Yeah, no, I didn't get the basic on the first two topics been waiting for the next ones. I know I'm
Ixkra Estrada: Not going to get basic on the program that I sent him because he has a mistake. Yeah. And I just wanted him to tell me
Ixkra Estrada: Know how to fix it. But what his opinion was he, and so I will wait for his advice on how to continue on that one. I know. I believe it's a syntax means mistake, what I have. But I'll always do what he says and then go from there.
Ixkra Estrada: But I will work on this week, so I don't get stuck. I would have to remember that at the end of the 10 weeks if we can make it to basic we will pass the class with a C. But
Ixkra Estrada: If we haven't done everything we will have all those four weeks to finish the things that we need to finish to. But if we can make it all the way and do the product that will be me. I know everybody's shooting for that, but
Ixkra Estrada: Let's try to do whatever we can. And if we support each other and we have questions that we can ask between each other like right now. Money has guys us a lot to the simple problems. I think we over complicated because we want to do big thing.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, just it simply
Marie de Guzman: Because, because from what I've heard, no matter how elaborate you make your program you'll still get basic just basic and then brother tuck it will add points to it as you make the project, something like that.
Lynn Dimick: Oh, yeah. Oh.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah. What about yeah I'll do my best to help everyone get to basic
Marie de Guzman: With all the topics that I've already accomplished last semester so we can all move move to the harder topics which are you know MVC Hibernate because those, those are the topics that I got.
Marie de Guzman: Like a bottleneck, because you know being a first time learner of Java last semester. It was hard for me to understand all those, you know, little pieces, how you put them all together. So, and also ran out of time. Okay. Okay.
Ixkra Estrada: So it's good to know. Thank you. Yeah, it will be great. So yeah, we can finish the faster we can all the basic ones, understanding what we're doing and then
Ixkra Estrada: We can get, like you said, the harder ones.
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, we can spend like I don't know, a month on the harder ones.
Ixkra Estrada: Exactly. Okay. We can do that.
Marie de Guzman: Okay, sounds great. Yeah, okay.
Marie de Guzman: I'll post those on. Yeah.
Marie de Guzman: On the group discussion board. And yeah, we can help each other out perfect.
Ixkra Estrada: That's perfect.
Marie de Guzman: Anything else anybody else.
Has to contribute.
Jeremy Blake: I don't have anything but thank you for sharing that.
Jeremy Blake: Yeah.
Marie de Guzman: Thank you worries. Yep.
Lynn Dimick: All right, I will love you know earlier this week.
Ixkra Estrada: Perfect. Okay, thank you so much for being in the
Ixkra Estrada: Room today.
Marie de Guzman: And
Ixkra Estrada: We will talk the weekend. See you next week.
Lynn Dimick: Oh, you know what, what does anybody else find it annoying to
Lynn Dimick: Try and post into the discussions, three times a week.
Ixkra Estrada: Yes, but
Hansen: It's doable. What have you been doing for that.
Ixkra Estrada: Monday, Wednesday and
Friday.
Hansen: Question, would you answer people's questions.
Lynn Dimick: Well, that's
Lynn Dimick: How do you answer if you haven't covered that in euro study
Jeremy Blake: You just Google
Marie de Guzman: Yeah, that's good. Oh, yeah.
Ixkra Estrada: A little something and then you can do with with someone said something but I I tried to do like that on Monday I post my first
Ixkra Estrada: Whatever question or just a video looking on the what we're gonna do for the week. I found a video to post on Monday, and then couple answers on Wednesday and Friday.
Hansen: And Saturday. Yeah, that's a good idea, like posting the video yeah that's that's what I do.
Ixkra Estrada: Because that way people start talking about, well, I found these useful or
Ixkra Estrada: Something like that.
Hansen: All right.
Lynn Dimick: Thank you. Okay, no problem.
Marie de Guzman: Sounds great.
Marie de Guzman: And also have a good night, everyone.
Aaron Wright: Have a good night.
Ixkra Estrada: Bye bye.